# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via tensorboard
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   torch-geometric
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.4
    # via optuna
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   marimo
    #   uvicorn
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.16
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.22
    # via marimo
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via torch
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   torch-geometric
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via tensorboard
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via marimo
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   marimo
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
    #   torch-geometric
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.6
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.5
    # via
    #   spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
lark==1.2.2
    # via rfc3987-syntax
lightning==2.5.2
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
lightning-utilities==0.15.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
loro==1.5.3
    # via marimo
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
marimo==0.14.16
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   marimo
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   tensorboard
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==2.0.1
    # via marimo
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
notebook==7.4.5
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   optuna
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch-geometric
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
optuna==4.4.0
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marimo
    #   nbconvert
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via tensorboard
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   marimo
    #   torch-geometric
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   marimo
    #   nbconvert
pymdown-extensions==10.16.1
    # via marimo
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via torch-geometric
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytorch-lightning==2.5.2
    # via lightning
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lightning
    #   marimo
    #   optuna
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pytorch-lightning
pyzmq==27.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   torch-geometric
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.16.1
    # via scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
    #   triton
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.42
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.47.2
    # via marimo
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tensorboard==2.20.0
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via marimo
torch==2.8.0+cu128
    # via
    #   spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torch-geometric==2.6.1
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
torchaudio==2.8.0
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
torchmetrics==1.8.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.23.0+cu128
    # via spn-gnn (pyproject.toml)
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch-geometric
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250708
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via marimo
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==15.0.1
    # via marimo
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
